generators/axon-java/app/templates/root/README.md, before:

## Nebulit GmbH - Eventmodeling Template

### Setup

Slices sind im _root_ Package (wie im Generator angegeben) als Packages definiert.

### Todos nach der initialen Generierung

Im Code sind TODOs definiert für die Stellen die angepasst werden müssen.
Der Generator trifft bestimmte Grundannahmen (aggregateIds sind UUIDs beispielsweise).

Wird von diesen Annahmen abgewichen kompiliert der Code ggf. nicht sofort sondern muss leicht
angepasst werden.

Ihre Code Richtlinien sind natürlich führend, daher ist es erwartungskonform dass Code
nicht sofort kompiliert (es sollten aber wirklich nur kleine Anpassungen notwendig sein).

### Start der Applikation

Zum Start des Services kann die Klasse _ApplicationStarter_ verwendet werden in _src/test/kotlin_.
Warum in _test_?

Diese Klasse startet die komplette Umgebung (inkl. Postgres und ggf. Kafka über TestContainers)

### Package Struktur

Events sind im Package "events"

Aggregates liegen im Package "domain"

Slices haben jeweils ein isoliertes Package <sliceName>

Package "common" enthält einige Interfaces für die generelle Struktur.

Commit message:

feat: enhance Axon Java generator with Record support and bug fixes
- Add support for Java Records in commands, events and read models
- Implement safe config.json loading and improved CLI prompts
- Fix Kotlin-style syntax leftovers in templates and specifications
- Translate documentation templates to English
- Add missing package-info and slice metadata templates
- Fix various ReferenceErrors and typos (camelCaseToUnderscores, _sliceTitle, etc.)

generators/axon-java/app/templates/root/README.md, after:

## Nebulit GmbH - Eventmodeling Template (Java)

### Setup

Slices are defined as packages within the _root_ package (as specified in the generator).

### Next Steps after initial generation

TODOs are defined in the code for the places that need manual adjustments.
The generator makes certain basic assumptions (e.g., aggregateIds are UUIDs).

If these assumptions are deviated from, the code may not compile immediately and will need to be slightly adjusted.

Your code guidelines are sovereign, so it is expected that the code may need small adjustments to compile.

### Starting the Application

To start the service, you can use the _ApplicationStarter_ class in _src/test/java_.
Why in _test_?

This class starts the entire environment (including Postgres and, if necessary, Kafka via TestContainers).

### Package Structure

* **events**: Contains event definitions.
* **domain**: Contains aggregates.
* **slices**: Each slice has its own isolated package `<sliceName>`.
* **common**: Contains interfaces for the general structure.
